# Chapter 11. IO

Most applications will need to deal with input and output concerns at some point.

Spring Boot provides utilities and integrations with a range of technologies to help when you need IO capabilities.

This section covers standard IO features such as caching and validation as well as more advanced topics such as scheduling and distributed transactions.

We will also cover calling remote REST or SOAP services and sending email.

## 11.1. Caching

The Spring Framework provides support for transparently adding caching to an application.

At its core, the abstraction applies caching to methods, thus reducing the number of executions based on the information available in the cache. 

抽象的核心是将缓存应用于方法，从而根据缓存中可用的信息减少执行次数。

- thus adv. <正式>因此；<正式>这样，以此种方式；<正式>到如此程度

The caching logic is applied transparently, without any interference to the invoker.

- interference n. 干涉，干预；（收音机或电视机受到的）干扰信号；犯规阻挡；抵触，冲突

 Spring Boot auto-configures the cache infrastructure as long as caching support is enabled by using the `@EnableCaching` annotation.

 > Check the relevant section of the Spring Framework reference for more details.

In a nutshell, to add caching to an operation of your service add the relevant annotation to its method, as shown in the following example:

 - In a nutshell adv. 简单地，简约地；极其简括地说

```java
import org.springframework.cache.annotation.Cacheable;
import org.springframework.stereotype.Component;
@Component
public class MyMathService {
  @Cacheable("piDecimals")
  public int computePiDecimal(int precision) {
  ...
  }
}
```

This example demonstrates the use of caching on a potentially costly operation.

这个示例演示了缓存在可能代价高昂的操作上的使用。

Before invoking `computePiDecimal`, the abstraction looks for an entry in the `piDecimals` cache that matches the i argument. 

If an entry is found, the content in the cache is immediately returned to the caller, and
the method is not invoked. 

Otherwise, the method is invoked, and the cache is updated before returning the value.


If you do not add any specific cache library, Spring Boot auto-configures a simple provider that uses
concurrent maps in memory. 

When a cache is required (such as `piDecimals` in the preceding example), this provider creates it for you.

The simple provider is not really recommended for production usage, but it is great for getting started and making sure that you understand the features. 

When you have made up your mind about the cache provider to use, please make sure to read its documentation to figure out how to configure the caches that your application uses. 

Nearly all providers require you to explicitly configure every cache that you use in the application. 

Some offer a way to customize the default caches defined by the `spring.cache.cache-names` property.